学生時代の思い出を教えてください。

The moment I stepped to Yokohama, first thing i realized how much we take nature for granted. I started missing
the fresh mountain air, Joyfull study sessions, cafeteria food...oh yes nasu no agedashi 
From my second year of university, when everything got online I realized how technologies
make our life easier. I took Professor Claster's seminar where I first learned about Machine learning and AI.
So I changed my major from Marketing to innovation and economics so as to focus more on the latest tech like
3D printing, AI, cloud etc. Professor Miyazaki's seminar was a driving force for me to learn NLP or what we call
Natural language processing and gradually I started my own APU tech club. After all learning together is fun right?

コンサル業界や船井総合研究所に就職した理由は？

I have a lot of reasons for choosing Funai soken over many multinational companies.
Personally I feel more comfortable in a japanese work environment as I'm an introvert.
I like the fact that Funai Soken focuses more on the SME's which means when one
thinks about a solution, they'd have to think out of the box to find not only
a cost effective but a flexible solution. So I think innovation is rapid.
Personally I learned more about the company through the gakunai seminar we
attended last year and from my seniors in the company. Another fact I really
loved about the company is that they have been progressing really well in incorporating 
Zoho, a CRM software which is really cost effective and has a wide range of services
within the same package. For me another major reason was that I'm very keen about the
development of AI and when I was reading their newsletter, I saw something about
the small AI which intrigued me. I wanted to more about the same as a part of the team.

実際の仕事内容はどんな感じですか？
My task actually ranges from developing to consulting both. The onboarding 
process is precise and fast so I was able to quickly work on my first client with
proper instructions from my leader. What surprised me about the task was that
when we think of AI we think about super high-tech, futuristic AI but in reality
one has to go step by step. One of such important step is what we call data visualization.
Suppose you are given a 500 input data about reviews of a certain class. You can't possibly
read all right...I mean you can if you have literally nothing else to do haha.
So now you may need a machine learning clustering model and a twist of NLP to extract
the positive words in the review and negative words in the review aka sentiment analysis.
A simple clustering can give you a glimpse of whether this class is really difficult or
is the grading too tough. This is what AI is capable of right now and thus my task
as an AI consultant. We even go to Expos, build business relationships, learn more about
latest techs like AR, AI, Metaverse as it could be a potential solution for our clients.
For me it's mostly manufactuting sector people. As for my development task, I'm working
on an IoT based project actually where I get data from machine sensors and i need to 
visualize the status of manufacturing of the setsubi and 0 kara make a dashboard app using python. 
Similarly Im also working on machine learning models.

どんな人と一緒に働いてますか？（ダッシュさん）
I think my team actually comprises of a lot of young members with different background. Especially the AI
team is international as Im an indian, there is a person from china, few japanese members but from different parts.
Also we are especially in good terms with the robotics team. I would like to introduce my team in specific
Personally all members need to have a strong proficiency in one of the programming langauges. For instance,
Kumagai san has an engineering bacgrounf (electrical and mecanical) so he knows how to use C++, Arduino, Python, databases etc.
Cho san the chinese member is very well versed in data analytics and he is a business major. He knows Python as well.
Once he showed me his thesis paper about textual analysis on news so i believe he knows R as well.
IIduka san is our leader and has a wide knowledge about latest technologies. For example I didn't know much about 
Mizumi, an innovative company in Japan which used auto CAD data into its AI system to automate the quote making process
usually delivery would be about 2 weeks but this technology puts mitsumori quicker as the AI model can classify 
the part based on previous data and thus batch of to be manufactured good is prepared. IIduka san also made me 
visit a factory to actually visualize how it is being used. Im really gratefull to the team. 
Im also in good terms with the zoho team. Even Zoho has a no code AI platform called Zoho zia. Im sure youll learn a lot
by the amazing members in the team irrespective of the dep. Also all our clients are business owners so I need to learn
from my seniors about how to behave in a japanese environment as such...using business japanese, meishi exchange, 
basic manners etc.

働く環境はいかがでしょうか？
一言でいうと忙しさにはたのしさ。好きなことを仕事にすると、毎日が楽しくなりますよね。


i learn something new everyday and it excites me so much that I look forward to the next day.
What topic will I encounter next? AR? AI? IoT. Since we are fresh graduates, obviously
gyoumu chishiki ha sonnani nai. Its okay, this is the best time to explore that. 
Right now I have been entrusted with 4 different types of manufacturing industries at the same time.
Obviously there would be no way that I already know about the company in a go, The first step
is to understand about the industry, their product, value, requirements or demand etc. 
For us, we get opportunities to visit the company and I have already been on a few business trips
since joining. Also, the job doesnt only end at office or shien saki, we also need to visit expos
as consultants, build relationships, update our knowledge, find potential vendors + solutions
For me the experience has been vibrant as I also get to participate in business seminars and kenkyuukai.
Id like to show a few pics from Tenjikai as well.
about our office...you wont believe...we have three branches but the main one is in Marunouchi.
This is the picture of the office at night...kira kira deshou? The location can never be more perfect, Food stalls, high end resu,
malls, central tokyo station which connects everywhere, banks nearby,clinics ...also a plus point..Im vegan so a lot of vegan resu
Imperial palace is just behind the office buildings

APUの後輩へ一言お願いします！
Dont let your major to stop you from dreaming about technical fields. Business major
with right set of skills can step up the tech ladder esp. as a consultant.
as a fresh graduate, everything may feel scary and new. Consulting is the best field 
at this stage as you get to work closely with a variety of companies...you may even
specialize in a certain field or go broad (Sato san here is knowledgeab;e about different 
industries as you may see. Its never boring in this field as you see new issue or
you find new oopporunitrs everyday. My advice to everyone is that explore a lot while you can
but also take care of yourself so as to not being overwhelmed.

専攻にとらわれず、適切なスキルを磨けばどのフィールドでも努めることができます。技術系の業務も
例外ではありません。新卒として、新しいものに圧倒され、迷いを感じることが当然です。
船井総合に入社の時一度聞かれた今の私の時間は何時？計算するには、自分の年齢を4で割ります。
そうすると私たちの時間は朝早いですね。端的に言えば、新しいことに挑戦し、その体験から学ぶ時間です。
だから、コンサルティングは面白い仕事だと思います。特に中小企業のコンサルティングは、
制約の中で解決策を考えなければならないのでFrugalイノベーションが高いです。
専門家になることも、幅広い知識を持つことも可能ですね。これからも自分のゴールへ向けて
動力してください！
